ParticleTracker refactor: Bring in particle_integrators.py (#953)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/953.bugfix.rst

Fixed a bug in the Particle Tracker simulation. The integrator had a sign

> error, thus the ExB drift came out in the incorrect direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
error, thus the E×B drift came out in the incorrect direction.
```
Unicode!

Author: That's some good application of unicode, I love it! But I think it's confusing enough for the mobile GitHub app that I can't merge the suggestion without a crash... Will merge after reporting it:D
